hcai@hcai-Yoga:~/gitrepo/droidcat/ML$ python multipleModelsWithTopFeaturesOnly_tab.py false; python multipleModelsWithTopFeaturesOnly_tab.py true; python featureSelect_tab.py false;  python featureSelect_tab.py true
mobi.infolife.weatheralert has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforsonyxperiaz has one set of general features only!
com.mobile.poorvika has one set of general features only!
my.savemoney.taxapp has one set of general features only!
com.monsta.imagenscomfrasesdecarinho has one set of general features only!
hm.orz.chaos114.android.tethersetting has one set of general features only!
com.dietas.adelgazar.free has one set of general features only!
eu.wheelchairsite.m has one set of general features only!
ru.evgajukov.mobile.circassian.activity has one set of general features only!
fi.android.takealot has one set of general features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.sporthotel_exclusive has one set of general features only!
com.tonado.boli.hiper has one set of general features only!
de.gautzsch.fif has one set of general features only!
com.uk.edealinfoinc has one set of general features only!
com.generalgoodswholesale.customerapp has one set of general features only!
com.trialtea.inglesmovil has one set of general features only!
com.abdulrahmansalam.app_ReadArabicLevel2 has one set of general features only!
netiks.FransaBank.mobile has one set of general features only!
com.socrative.teacher has one set of general features only!
com.appelit.twiist has one set of general features only!
com.dobmob.doblistdemo has one set of general features only!
com.mobisoft.morhipo has one set of general features only!
au.gov.customs.trs has one set of general features only!
com.aob has one set of general features only!
com.tigoenergy.smart has one set of general features only!
fr.easytouseapps.calcloan has one set of general features only!
org.gfx54b.android.pollux.mineralh has one set of general features only!
com.manarcadpalli has one set of general features only!
com.sanfordguide.amt has one set of general features only!
radiance.app.proverbes_africains_365 has one set of general features only!
com.theactionapp has one set of general features only!
com.bruno.marcadorplacar has one set of general features only!
net.samham.electricity has one set of general features only!
co.epearl.ethiopiatv has one set of general features only!
com.Threelineinfotech.thiruverkadu has one set of general features only!
gr.spartansoftware.greekphotography has one set of general features only!
com.app.dstorz has one set of general features only!
com.gidon.coffeesnumber has one set of general features only!
com.hanna.pitbull has one set of general features only!
com.homecu.jdecu has one set of general features only!
com.mathesoft.fakeapps has one set of general features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.hotel_elite_seefeld has one set of general features only!
com.troysoft.caloriecalculator has one set of general features only!
com.mobilejazz.urology has one set of general features only!
com.tamildevotionalapps.ayyappaashtothram has one set of general features only!
com.sbgapps.scoreit has one set of general features only!
com.abast.fmjv has one set of general features only!
com.aisyah.resepmasakan has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkkeyboardpersonalization has one set of general features only!
com.jahm.tempconv has one set of general features only!
com.giscloud.mdc has one set of general features only!
com.gerbes.mobile has one set of general features only!
com.wisdom.profcon2015 has one set of general features only!
de.sde.mobile has one set of general features only!
pl.plksa.RozkladJazdy has one set of general features only!
com.neurondevelopments.levelsaid has one set of general features only!
com.bluejuice.thekiteshow has one set of general features only!
com.outilsobdfacile.obd.connecteur has one set of general features only!
ticket.booking.india has one set of general features only!
com.seazon.fo has one set of general features only!
com.media.miplayer has one set of general features only!
com.skp.valentine has one set of general features only!
com.mobusi.bestapps has one set of general features only!
com.jabbo.mediatagscanner has one set of general features only!
nl.littlebluefrog.leeuwarderbioscopen has one set of general features only!
com.mrcombi.ratedemo has one set of general features only!
com.webcamscz.map has one set of general features only!
password.strength.checker has one set of general features only!
net.olejon.spotcommander has one set of general features only!
rfh.sa.yoviajo has one set of general features only!
com.telerik.GoogleLinks has one set of general features only!
com.alamkanak.android.financebd has one set of general features only!
id.web.michsan.adhannotifier has one set of general features only!
com.spideroak.android has one set of general features only!
org.ibeccato.photoczip has one set of general features only!
com.mgrabowski.virginmobileminutes has one set of general features only!
mdis.kangur has one set of general features only!
com.dypix.fibladiActualite has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmebluefancy has one set of general features only!
com.erkanyilmaz.namazvakitleri has one set of general features only!
br.art.iai.discoverykids has one set of general features only!
eu.dhcorp.android.weatherproject has one set of general features only!
edu.ckcc.royalshykdic has one set of general features only!
com.nilhcem.hostseditor has one set of general features only!
es.aena.mobile has one set of general features only!
com.rudicedita.com.kimbailey has one set of general features only!
asp.emo.pack27.ext has one set of general features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.seehotel_reschen has one set of general features only!
com.phonegap.kinomondsterne has one set of general features only!
com.ciandt.tt has one set of general features only!
com.dailyworkhoroscopes.net has one set of general features only!
com.iSharpeners.KeertanRadio has one set of general features only!
klwinkel.weerkaartbe has one set of general features only!
com.tobykurien.webapps has one set of general features only!
com.vaishnavism.vishnusahasranaamam.english has one set of general features only!
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis has one set of general features only!
org.freeandroidtools.root_checker has one set of general features only!
com.mobdub.channel.WWTV has one set of general features only!
com.borezo.kasperskyfan has one set of general features only!
com.greydot has one set of general features only!
com.jimnevin.weatherireland has one set of general features only!
com.dridev.kamusku has one set of general features only!
com.mbdholdings.tenseforbengalistudents has one set of general features only!
com.briox.riversip.android.general.sports has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforhtconem8 has one set of general features only!
com.iroshni.mualamulquran has one set of general features only!
vcam.dk.DeutschNachrichtenZeitungen has one set of general features only!
com.confidly.confidly has one set of general features only!
cz.lidovky.mobil has one set of general features only!
com.appdiabetes has one set of general features only!
com.triveous.recorder has one set of general features only!
net.ays.PROD342197 has one set of general features only!
com.wickert.bowlingnight has one set of general features only!
com.sports.cricket.schedule has one set of general features only!
com.badcoke.aweather has one set of general features only!
com.tamilnoolakam.Tamilnoolakamapp has one set of general features only!
com.cutter.alside has one set of general features only!
com.dialquick has one set of general features only!
com.montaserramadanm.bluetooth has one set of general features only!
org.artofliving.srisriquotes.portuguese.app has one set of general features only!
org.bible.remember_me has one set of general features only!
com.color.droid.shivmahapuran has one set of general features only!
com.katz.rexall has one set of general features only!
net.mojeto.timelapsecalc.app has one set of general features only!
com.tju.android.webcams has one set of general features only!
com.flo.ayakkabi has one set of general features only!
com.soshall.apps.browser has one set of general features only!
jp.co.a_tm.android.plus_crystal_daisy has one set of general features only!
vn.com.vng.phim123 has one set of general features only!
gust.svm has one set of general features only!
com.gpsandfleet.gpstracking has one set of general features only!
com.sportfusion.asports.seahawks has one set of general features only!
cz.mpelant.deskclock has one set of general features only!
com.flatron.rosewallpape has one set of general features only!
id.co.viva.vivapemilu has one set of general features only!
mobi.infolife.weatheralert has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforsonyxperiaz has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.stroblhof has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobile.poorvika has one set of ICC features only!
my.savemoney.taxapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.monsta.imagenscomfrasesdecarinho has one set of ICC features only!
hm.orz.chaos114.android.tethersetting has one set of ICC features only!
com.dietas.adelgazar.free has one set of ICC features only!
eu.wheelchairsite.m has one set of ICC features only!
ru.evgajukov.mobile.circassian.activity has one set of ICC features only!
fi.android.takealot has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.sporthotel_exclusive has one set of ICC features only!
com.tonado.boli.hiper has one set of ICC features only!
de.gautzsch.fif has one set of ICC features only!
com.uk.edealinfoinc has one set of ICC features only!
com.generalgoodswholesale.customerapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.trialtea.inglesmovil has one set of ICC features only!
com.abdulrahmansalam.app_ReadArabicLevel2 has one set of ICC features only!
netiks.FransaBank.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
com.socrative.teacher has one set of ICC features only!
com.appelit.twiist has one set of ICC features only!
com.dobmob.doblistdemo has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobisoft.morhipo has one set of ICC features only!
au.gov.customs.trs has one set of ICC features only!
com.aob has one set of ICC features only!
com.tigoenergy.smart has one set of ICC features only!
fr.easytouseapps.calcloan has one set of ICC features only!
org.gfx54b.android.pollux.mineralh has one set of ICC features only!
com.manarcadpalli has one set of ICC features only!
com.sanfordguide.amt has one set of ICC features only!
radiance.app.proverbes_africains_365 has one set of ICC features only!
com.theactionapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.bruno.marcadorplacar has one set of ICC features only!
net.samham.electricity has one set of ICC features only!
co.epearl.ethiopiatv has one set of ICC features only!
com.Threelineinfotech.thiruverkadu has one set of ICC features only!
gr.spartansoftware.greekphotography has one set of ICC features only!
com.app.dstorz has one set of ICC features only!
com.gidon.coffeesnumber has one set of ICC features only!
com.hanna.pitbull has one set of ICC features only!
com.homecu.jdecu has one set of ICC features only!
com.mathesoft.fakeapps has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.hotel_elite_seefeld has one set of ICC features only!
com.troysoft.caloriecalculator has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobilejazz.urology has one set of ICC features only!
com.tamildevotionalapps.ayyappaashtothram has one set of ICC features only!
com.sbgapps.scoreit has one set of ICC features only!
com.abast.fmjv has one set of ICC features only!
com.aisyah.resepmasakan has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkkeyboardpersonalization has one set of ICC features only!
com.jahm.tempconv has one set of ICC features only!
com.giscloud.mdc has one set of ICC features only!
com.gerbes.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
com.wisdom.profcon2015 has one set of ICC features only!
de.sde.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
pl.plksa.RozkladJazdy has one set of ICC features only!
com.neurondevelopments.levelsaid has one set of ICC features only!
com.bluejuice.thekiteshow has one set of ICC features only!
com.outilsobdfacile.obd.connecteur has one set of ICC features only!
ticket.booking.india has one set of ICC features only!
com.seazon.fo has one set of ICC features only!
com.media.miplayer has one set of ICC features only!
com.skp.valentine has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobusi.bestapps has one set of ICC features only!
com.jabbo.mediatagscanner has one set of ICC features only!
nl.littlebluefrog.leeuwarderbioscopen has one set of ICC features only!
com.mrcombi.ratedemo has one set of ICC features only!
com.webcamscz.map has one set of ICC features only!
password.strength.checker has one set of ICC features only!
net.olejon.spotcommander has one set of ICC features only!
rfh.sa.yoviajo has one set of ICC features only!
com.telerik.GoogleLinks has one set of ICC features only!
com.alamkanak.android.financebd has one set of ICC features only!
id.web.michsan.adhannotifier has one set of ICC features only!
com.spideroak.android has one set of ICC features only!
org.ibeccato.photoczip has one set of ICC features only!
com.mgrabowski.virginmobileminutes has one set of ICC features only!
mdis.kangur has one set of ICC features only!
com.dypix.fibladiActualite has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmebluefancy has one set of ICC features only!
com.erkanyilmaz.namazvakitleri has one set of ICC features only!
br.art.iai.discoverykids has one set of ICC features only!
eu.dhcorp.android.weatherproject has one set of ICC features only!
edu.ckcc.royalshykdic has one set of ICC features only!
com.nilhcem.hostseditor has one set of ICC features only!
es.aena.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
com.rudicedita.com.kimbailey has one set of ICC features only!
asp.emo.pack27.ext has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.seehotel_reschen has one set of ICC features only!
com.phonegap.kinomondsterne has one set of ICC features only!
com.ciandt.tt has one set of ICC features only!
com.dailyworkhoroscopes.net has one set of ICC features only!
com.iSharpeners.KeertanRadio has one set of ICC features only!
klwinkel.weerkaartbe has one set of ICC features only!
com.tobykurien.webapps has one set of ICC features only!
com.vaishnavism.vishnusahasranaamam.english has one set of ICC features only!
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis has one set of ICC features only!
org.freeandroidtools.root_checker has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobdub.channel.WWTV has one set of ICC features only!
com.borezo.kasperskyfan has one set of ICC features only!
com.greydot has one set of ICC features only!
com.jimnevin.weatherireland has one set of ICC features only!
com.dridev.kamusku has one set of ICC features only!
com.mbdholdings.tenseforbengalistudents has one set of ICC features only!
com.briox.riversip.android.general.sports has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforhtconem8 has one set of ICC features only!
com.iroshni.mualamulquran has one set of ICC features only!
vcam.dk.DeutschNachrichtenZeitungen has one set of ICC features only!
com.confidly.confidly has one set of ICC features only!
cz.lidovky.mobil has one set of ICC features only!
com.appdiabetes has one set of ICC features only!
com.triveous.recorder has one set of ICC features only!
net.ays.PROD342197 has one set of ICC features only!
com.wickert.bowlingnight has one set of ICC features only!
com.sports.cricket.schedule has one set of ICC features only!
com.badcoke.aweather has one set of ICC features only!
com.tamilnoolakam.Tamilnoolakamapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.cutter.alside has one set of ICC features only!
com.dialquick has one set of ICC features only!
com.montaserramadanm.bluetooth has one set of ICC features only!
org.artofliving.srisriquotes.portuguese.app has one set of ICC features only!
org.bible.remember_me has one set of ICC features only!
com.color.droid.shivmahapuran has one set of ICC features only!
com.katz.rexall has one set of ICC features only!
net.mojeto.timelapsecalc.app has one set of ICC features only!
com.tju.android.webcams has one set of ICC features only!
com.flo.ayakkabi has one set of ICC features only!
com.soshall.apps.browser has one set of ICC features only!
jp.co.a_tm.android.plus_crystal_daisy has one set of ICC features only!
vn.com.vng.phim123 has one set of ICC features only!
gust.svm has one set of ICC features only!
com.gpsandfleet.gpstracking has one set of ICC features only!
com.sportfusion.asports.seahawks has one set of ICC features only!
cz.mpelant.deskclock has one set of ICC features only!
com.flatron.rosewallpape has one set of ICC features only!
id.co.viva.vivapemilu has one set of ICC features only!
mobi.infolife.weatheralert has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforsonyxperiaz has one set of security features only!
com.mobile.poorvika has one set of security features only!
my.savemoney.taxapp has one set of security features only!
com.monsta.imagenscomfrasesdecarinho has one set of security features only!
hm.orz.chaos114.android.tethersetting has one set of security features only!
com.dietas.adelgazar.free has one set of security features only!
eu.wheelchairsite.m has one set of security features only!
ru.evgajukov.mobile.circassian.activity has one set of security features only!
fi.android.takealot has one set of security features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.sporthotel_exclusive has one set of security features only!
com.tonado.boli.hiper has one set of security features only!
de.gautzsch.fif has one set of security features only!
com.uk.edealinfoinc has one set of security features only!
com.generalgoodswholesale.customerapp has one set of security features only!
com.trialtea.inglesmovil has one set of security features only!
com.abdulrahmansalam.app_ReadArabicLevel2 has one set of security features only!
netiks.FransaBank.mobile has one set of security features only!
com.socrative.teacher has one set of security features only!
com.appelit.twiist has one set of security features only!
com.dobmob.doblistdemo has one set of security features only!
com.mobisoft.morhipo has one set of security features only!
au.gov.customs.trs has one set of security features only!
com.aob has one set of security features only!
com.tigoenergy.smart has one set of security features only!
fr.easytouseapps.calcloan has one set of security features only!
org.gfx54b.android.pollux.mineralh has one set of security features only!
com.manarcadpalli has one set of security features only!
com.sanfordguide.amt has one set of security features only!
radiance.app.proverbes_africains_365 has one set of security features only!
com.theactionapp has one set of security features only!
com.bruno.marcadorplacar has one set of security features only!
net.samham.electricity has one set of security features only!
co.epearl.ethiopiatv has one set of security features only!
com.Threelineinfotech.thiruverkadu has one set of security features only!
gr.spartansoftware.greekphotography has one set of security features only!
com.app.dstorz has one set of security features only!
com.gidon.coffeesnumber has one set of security features only!
com.hanna.pitbull has one set of security features only!
com.homecu.jdecu has one set of security features only!
com.mathesoft.fakeapps has one set of security features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.hotel_elite_seefeld has one set of security features only!
com.troysoft.caloriecalculator has one set of security features only!
com.mobilejazz.urology has one set of security features only!
com.tamildevotionalapps.ayyappaashtothram has one set of security features only!
com.sbgapps.scoreit has one set of security features only!
com.abast.fmjv has one set of security features only!
com.aisyah.resepmasakan has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkkeyboardpersonalization has one set of security features only!
com.jahm.tempconv has one set of security features only!
com.giscloud.mdc has one set of security features only!
com.gerbes.mobile has one set of security features only!
com.wisdom.profcon2015 has one set of security features only!
de.sde.mobile has one set of security features only!
pl.plksa.RozkladJazdy has one set of security features only!
com.neurondevelopments.levelsaid has one set of security features only!
com.bluejuice.thekiteshow has one set of security features only!
com.outilsobdfacile.obd.connecteur has one set of security features only!
ticket.booking.india has one set of security features only!
com.seazon.fo has one set of security features only!
com.media.miplayer has one set of security features only!
com.skp.valentine has one set of security features only!
com.mobusi.bestapps has one set of security features only!
com.jabbo.mediatagscanner has one set of security features only!
nl.littlebluefrog.leeuwarderbioscopen has one set of security features only!
com.mrcombi.ratedemo has one set of security features only!
com.webcamscz.map has one set of security features only!
password.strength.checker has one set of security features only!
net.olejon.spotcommander has one set of security features only!
rfh.sa.yoviajo has one set of security features only!
com.telerik.GoogleLinks has one set of security features only!
com.alamkanak.android.financebd has one set of security features only!
id.web.michsan.adhannotifier has one set of security features only!
com.spideroak.android has one set of security features only!
org.ibeccato.photoczip has one set of security features only!
com.mgrabowski.virginmobileminutes has one set of security features only!
mdis.kangur has one set of security features only!
com.dypix.fibladiActualite has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmebluefancy has one set of security features only!
com.erkanyilmaz.namazvakitleri has one set of security features only!
br.art.iai.discoverykids has one set of security features only!
eu.dhcorp.android.weatherproject has one set of security features only!
edu.ckcc.royalshykdic has one set of security features only!
com.nilhcem.hostseditor has one set of security features only!
es.aena.mobile has one set of security features only!
com.rudicedita.com.kimbailey has one set of security features only!
asp.emo.pack27.ext has one set of security features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.seehotel_reschen has one set of security features only!
com.phonegap.kinomondsterne has one set of security features only!
com.ciandt.tt has one set of security features only!
com.dailyworkhoroscopes.net has one set of security features only!
com.iSharpeners.KeertanRadio has one set of security features only!
klwinkel.weerkaartbe has one set of security features only!
com.tobykurien.webapps has one set of security features only!
com.vaishnavism.vishnusahasranaamam.english has one set of security features only!
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis has one set of security features only!
org.freeandroidtools.root_checker has one set of security features only!
com.mobdub.channel.WWTV has one set of security features only!
com.borezo.kasperskyfan has one set of security features only!
com.greydot has one set of security features only!
com.jimnevin.weatherireland has one set of security features only!
com.dridev.kamusku has one set of security features only!
com.mbdholdings.tenseforbengalistudents has one set of security features only!
com.briox.riversip.android.general.sports has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforhtconem8 has one set of security features only!
com.iroshni.mualamulquran has one set of security features only!
vcam.dk.DeutschNachrichtenZeitungen has one set of security features only!
com.confidly.confidly has one set of security features only!
cz.lidovky.mobil has one set of security features only!
com.appdiabetes has one set of security features only!
com.triveous.recorder has one set of security features only!
net.ays.PROD342197 has one set of security features only!
com.wickert.bowlingnight has one set of security features only!
com.sports.cricket.schedule has one set of security features only!
com.badcoke.aweather has one set of security features only!
com.tamilnoolakam.Tamilnoolakamapp has one set of security features only!
com.cutter.alside has one set of security features only!
com.dialquick has one set of security features only!
com.montaserramadanm.bluetooth has one set of security features only!
org.artofliving.srisriquotes.portuguese.app has one set of security features only!
org.bible.remember_me has one set of security features only!
com.color.droid.shivmahapuran has one set of security features only!
com.katz.rexall has one set of security features only!
net.mojeto.timelapsecalc.app has one set of security features only!
com.tju.android.webcams has one set of security features only!
com.flo.ayakkabi has one set of security features only!
com.soshall.apps.browser has one set of security features only!
jp.co.a_tm.android.plus_crystal_daisy has one set of security features only!
vn.com.vng.phim123 has one set of security features only!
gust.svm has one set of security features only!
com.gpsandfleet.gpstracking has one set of security features only!
com.sportfusion.asports.seahawks has one set of security features only!
cz.mpelant.deskclock has one set of security features only!
com.flatron.rosewallpape has one set of security features only!
id.co.viva.vivapemilu has one set of security features only!
136 valid benign app training samples to be used.
com.dtm has one set of general features only!
com.andoop.freerunning has one set of general features only!
com.arche.NEED_FOR_SPEED_Shift has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12i has one set of general features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.eaglejet has one set of general features only!
com.live.tv.player_84 has one set of general features only!
com.twrdd.yulin.senslock has one set of general features only!
de.docherka.muter has one set of general features only!
info.apk has one set of general features only!
com.tx.read has one set of general features only!
ru.vistorsoftware.getlink has one set of general features only!
jqsoft.apps.mysettings has one set of general features only!
com.bratolubzet.stlstart has one set of general features only!
bchtml.android.install has one set of general features only!
com.htc.android.bonfire has one set of general features only!
bc1.android.install has one set of general features only!
ro.furious.loudairhorn has one set of general features only!
com.bluedragon.sa has one set of general features only!
pl.dto.drums has one set of general features only!
com.chenyx.tiltmazs has one set of general features only!
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11ii has one set of general features only!
Jk7H.PwcD has one set of general features only!
com.lbeing.word.kaoyan has one set of general features only!
eu.margaritasoft.firstdevelop has one set of general features only!
net.socialidm.kamazicom has one set of general features only!
com.keji.danti80 has one set of general features only!
com.thwglmd.dccai.rkcsrdeq.h_fnvuiojbgicsqkwq has one set of general features only!
ikki.android.soft.shortcutmanager has one set of general features only!
com.samunt.doomad has one set of general features only!
ru.mskdev.andrinst has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing06i has one set of general features only!
dhn.skhcnclnvcaskhd.cvst has one set of general features only!
tj.alumberinc.ruganovich has one set of general features only!
cxboy.android.game.fivelnk has one set of general features only!
com.android.installer.full has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10i has one set of general features only!
com.app.installer has one set of general features only!
com.gameteam.skywarrior has one set of general features only!
com.peter.wuzilianzhu has one set of general features only!
com.fileviewer.android has one set of general features only!
net.maxicom.android.snake has one set of general features only!
org.android.Jimm_setup has one set of general features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Deamon has one set of general features only!
com.opera.install has one set of general features only!
a.a has one set of general features only!
nang.dv has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11i has one set of general features only!
km.home has one set of general features only!
ru.zveryatki.stado has one set of general features only!
com.shirley.right has one set of general features only!
com.xl.gw.systemappuninstall has one set of general features only!
com.convertoman.proin has one set of general features only!
net.xfok.info.health has one set of general features only!
com.hanhua.wjf has one set of general features only!
com.sookenop.humet1976 has one set of general features only!
install.app has one set of general features only!
com.tx.site has one set of general features only!
oms.mmc.mortgage has one set of general features only!
com.shirley.lovemen has one set of general features only!
com.apk.op has one set of general features only!
bc2.android.install has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08ii has one set of general features only!
com.samunt.nothad has one set of general features only!
com.mass.sms has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08i has one set of general features only!
text.androidad3 has one set of general features only!
bc.android.install has one set of general features only!
com.android has one set of general features only!
org.baole.app.blacklistpro has one set of general features only!
com.safetest.tank has one set of general features only!
com.brightness.phone has one set of general features only!
JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of general features only!
com.nicky.lyyws.xmall has one set of general features only!
com.lite.quick.tether has one set of general features only!
com.jaytronix.markermagic has one set of general features only!
com.mycontainer has one set of general features only!
oms.mmc.independent.fortunetelling.fate.xingxiu has one set of general features only!
opera_mini.app has one set of general features only!
wap.syst has one set of general features only!
eom.johndev.smitinst has one set of general features only!
com.casual.gracefulgirlwithcooldresses has one set of general features only!
com.modern.warfree has one set of general features only!
com.satismangrooup.stlstart has one set of general features only!
lwp.darknight.livewallpaper has one set of general features only!
com.km.installer has one set of general features only!
com.safesys.remover has one set of general features only!
ru.getcorvin.mettir has one set of general features only!
com.safetest.Star has one set of general features only!
com.mobile.tv_90 has one set of general features only!
com.twisconapps.robotvoice has one set of general features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of general features only!
net.kreci.xray has one set of general features only!
cenix.android.vbr has one set of general features only!
games.HelicopterBubble has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07ii has one set of general features only!
com.rvo.plpro has one set of general features only!
org.htc.filemanager has one set of general features only!
de.mehrmannd.sdbooster has one set of general features only!
com.scribbleherofre.gam has one set of general features only!
com.flashp has one set of general features only!
net.sunyidingophone.environmental has one set of general features only!
com.johncar.terranowa has one set of general features only!
ua.netlizard.eggs has one set of general features only!
sbk.game.free has one set of general features only!
com.androiddoctor.battery has one set of general features only!
rom.jonas.eley has one set of general features only!
t4t.power.management has one set of general features only!
com.ku6.android.videobrowser has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12ii has one set of general features only!
com.jeef.sheshou3D has one set of general features only!
com.virtual.guitar has one set of general features only!
com.some.common has one set of general features only!
org.me.androidapplication1 has one set of general features only!
com.jonas.smssender has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07i has one set of general features only!
ee.maestro.slaming has one set of general features only!
brendsu.gamedemo has one set of general features only!
jp.bravo.honda has one set of general features only!
com.androidupgrade.battery has one set of general features only!
cn.gm.doj has one set of general features only!
cooshare.zeno.tinygame.lovetrap has one set of general features only!
org.zenthought.flashrec has one set of general features only!
com.tx.love has one set of general features only!
com.depositmobi has one set of general features only!
oms.mmc.ExchangeRate has one set of general features only!
com.dangerb.movieranking has one set of general features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.strikeattack has one set of general features only!
exam.fengyan.aiqingceshi has one set of general features only!
ru.erofon has one set of general features only!
app.apk has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10ii has one set of general features only!
com.stkdevlopers.autosounddisabler.pro has one set of general features only!
com.safetest.qian has one set of general features only!
com.manufacturatinkov.instman has one set of general features only!
com.dtm has one set of ICC features only!
com.andoop.freerunning has one set of ICC features only!
com.arche.NEED_FOR_SPEED_Shift has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12i has one set of ICC features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.eaglejet has one set of ICC features only!
com.live.tv.player_84 has one set of ICC features only!
com.twrdd.yulin.senslock has one set of ICC features only!
de.docherka.muter has one set of ICC features only!
info.apk has one set of ICC features only!
com.tx.read has one set of ICC features only!
ru.vistorsoftware.getlink has one set of ICC features only!
jqsoft.apps.mysettings has one set of ICC features only!
com.bratolubzet.stlstart has one set of ICC features only!
bchtml.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
com.htc.android.bonfire has one set of ICC features only!
bc1.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
ro.furious.loudairhorn has one set of ICC features only!
com.bluedragon.sa has one set of ICC features only!
pl.dto.drums has one set of ICC features only!
com.chenyx.tiltmazs has one set of ICC features only!
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11ii has one set of ICC features only!
Jk7H.PwcD has one set of ICC features only!
com.lbeing.word.kaoyan has one set of ICC features only!
eu.margaritasoft.firstdevelop has one set of ICC features only!
net.socialidm.kamazicom has one set of ICC features only!
com.keji.danti80 has one set of ICC features only!
com.thwglmd.dccai.rkcsrdeq.h_fnvuiojbgicsqkwq has one set of ICC features only!
ikki.android.soft.shortcutmanager has one set of ICC features only!
com.samunt.doomad has one set of ICC features only!
ru.mskdev.andrinst has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing06i has one set of ICC features only!
dhn.skhcnclnvcaskhd.cvst has one set of ICC features only!
tj.alumberinc.ruganovich has one set of ICC features only!
cxboy.android.game.fivelnk has one set of ICC features only!
com.android.installer.full has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10i has one set of ICC features only!
com.app.installer has one set of ICC features only!
com.gameteam.skywarrior has one set of ICC features only!
com.peter.wuzilianzhu has one set of ICC features only!
com.fileviewer.android has one set of ICC features only!
net.maxicom.android.snake has one set of ICC features only!
org.android.Jimm_setup has one set of ICC features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Deamon has one set of ICC features only!
com.opera.install has one set of ICC features only!
a.a has one set of ICC features only!
nang.dv has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11i has one set of ICC features only!
km.home has one set of ICC features only!
ru.zveryatki.stado has one set of ICC features only!
com.shirley.right has one set of ICC features only!
com.xl.gw.systemappuninstall has one set of ICC features only!
com.convertoman.proin has one set of ICC features only!
net.xfok.info.health has one set of ICC features only!
com.hanhua.wjf has one set of ICC features only!
com.sookenop.humet1976 has one set of ICC features only!
install.app has one set of ICC features only!
com.tx.site has one set of ICC features only!
oms.mmc.mortgage has one set of ICC features only!
com.shirley.lovemen has one set of ICC features only!
com.apk.op has one set of ICC features only!
bc2.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.samunt.nothad has one set of ICC features only!
com.mass.sms has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08i has one set of ICC features only!
text.androidad3 has one set of ICC features only!
bc.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
com.android has one set of ICC features only!
org.baole.app.blacklistpro has one set of ICC features only!
com.safetest.tank has one set of ICC features only!
com.brightness.phone has one set of ICC features only!
JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of ICC features only!
com.nicky.lyyws.xmall has one set of ICC features only!
com.lite.quick.tether has one set of ICC features only!
com.jaytronix.markermagic has one set of ICC features only!
com.mycontainer has one set of ICC features only!
oms.mmc.independent.fortunetelling.fate.xingxiu has one set of ICC features only!
opera_mini.app has one set of ICC features only!
wap.syst has one set of ICC features only!
eom.johndev.smitinst has one set of ICC features only!
com.casual.gracefulgirlwithcooldresses has one set of ICC features only!
com.modern.warfree has one set of ICC features only!
com.satismangrooup.stlstart has one set of ICC features only!
lwp.darknight.livewallpaper has one set of ICC features only!
com.km.installer has one set of ICC features only!
com.safesys.remover has one set of ICC features only!
ru.getcorvin.mettir has one set of ICC features only!
com.safetest.Star has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobile.tv_90 has one set of ICC features only!
com.twisconapps.robotvoice has one set of ICC features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of ICC features only!
net.kreci.xray has one set of ICC features only!
cenix.android.vbr has one set of ICC features only!
games.HelicopterBubble has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.rvo.plpro has one set of ICC features only!
org.htc.filemanager has one set of ICC features only!
de.mehrmannd.sdbooster has one set of ICC features only!
com.scribbleherofre.gam has one set of ICC features only!
com.flashp has one set of ICC features only!
net.sunyidingophone.environmental has one set of ICC features only!
com.johncar.terranowa has one set of ICC features only!
ua.netlizard.eggs has one set of ICC features only!
sbk.game.free has one set of ICC features only!
com.androiddoctor.battery has one set of ICC features only!
rom.jonas.eley has one set of ICC features only!
t4t.power.management has one set of ICC features only!
com.ku6.android.videobrowser has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.jeef.sheshou3D has one set of ICC features only!
com.virtual.guitar has one set of ICC features only!
com.some.common has one set of ICC features only!
org.me.androidapplication1 has one set of ICC features only!
com.jonas.smssender has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07i has one set of ICC features only!
ee.maestro.slaming has one set of ICC features only!
brendsu.gamedemo has one set of ICC features only!
jp.bravo.honda has one set of ICC features only!
com.androidupgrade.battery has one set of ICC features only!
cn.gm.doj has one set of ICC features only!
cooshare.zeno.tinygame.lovetrap has one set of ICC features only!
org.zenthought.flashrec has one set of ICC features only!
com.tx.love has one set of ICC features only!
com.depositmobi has one set of ICC features only!
oms.mmc.ExchangeRate has one set of ICC features only!
com.dangerb.movieranking has one set of ICC features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.strikeattack has one set of ICC features only!
exam.fengyan.aiqingceshi has one set of ICC features only!
ru.erofon has one set of ICC features only!
app.apk has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.stkdevlopers.autosounddisabler.pro has one set of ICC features only!
com.safetest.qian has one set of ICC features only!
com.manufacturatinkov.instman has one set of ICC features only!
com.dtm has one set of security features only!
com.andoop.freerunning has one set of security features only!
com.arche.NEED_FOR_SPEED_Shift has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12i has one set of security features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.eaglejet has one set of security features only!
com.live.tv.player_84 has one set of security features only!
com.twrdd.yulin.senslock has one set of security features only!
de.docherka.muter has one set of security features only!
info.apk has one set of security features only!
com.tx.read has one set of security features only!
ru.vistorsoftware.getlink has one set of security features only!
jqsoft.apps.mysettings has one set of security features only!
com.bratolubzet.stlstart has one set of security features only!
bchtml.android.install has one set of security features only!
com.htc.android.bonfire has one set of security features only!
bc1.android.install has one set of security features only!
ro.furious.loudairhorn has one set of security features only!
com.bluedragon.sa has one set of security features only!
pl.dto.drums has one set of security features only!
com.chenyx.tiltmazs has one set of security features only!
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11ii has one set of security features only!
Jk7H.PwcD has one set of security features only!
com.lbeing.word.kaoyan has one set of security features only!
eu.margaritasoft.firstdevelop has one set of security features only!
net.socialidm.kamazicom has one set of security features only!
com.keji.danti80 has one set of security features only!
com.thwglmd.dccai.rkcsrdeq.h_fnvuiojbgicsqkwq has one set of security features only!
ikki.android.soft.shortcutmanager has one set of security features only!
com.samunt.doomad has one set of security features only!
ru.mskdev.andrinst has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing06i has one set of security features only!
dhn.skhcnclnvcaskhd.cvst has one set of security features only!
tj.alumberinc.ruganovich has one set of security features only!
cxboy.android.game.fivelnk has one set of security features only!
com.android.installer.full has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10i has one set of security features only!
com.app.installer has one set of security features only!
com.gameteam.skywarrior has one set of security features only!
com.peter.wuzilianzhu has one set of security features only!
com.fileviewer.android has one set of security features only!
net.maxicom.android.snake has one set of security features only!
org.android.Jimm_setup has one set of security features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Deamon has one set of security features only!
com.opera.install has one set of security features only!
a.a has one set of security features only!
nang.dv has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11i has one set of security features only!
km.home has one set of security features only!
ru.zveryatki.stado has one set of security features only!
com.shirley.right has one set of security features only!
com.xl.gw.systemappuninstall has one set of security features only!
com.convertoman.proin has one set of security features only!
net.xfok.info.health has one set of security features only!
com.hanhua.wjf has one set of security features only!
com.sookenop.humet1976 has one set of security features only!
install.app has one set of security features only!
com.tx.site has one set of security features only!
oms.mmc.mortgage has one set of security features only!
com.shirley.lovemen has one set of security features only!
com.apk.op has one set of security features only!
bc2.android.install has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08ii has one set of security features only!
com.samunt.nothad has one set of security features only!
com.mass.sms has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08i has one set of security features only!
text.androidad3 has one set of security features only!
bc.android.install has one set of security features only!
com.android has one set of security features only!
org.baole.app.blacklistpro has one set of security features only!
com.safetest.tank has one set of security features only!
com.brightness.phone has one set of security features only!
JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of security features only!
com.nicky.lyyws.xmall has one set of security features only!
com.lite.quick.tether has one set of security features only!
com.jaytronix.markermagic has one set of security features only!
com.mycontainer has one set of security features only!
oms.mmc.independent.fortunetelling.fate.xingxiu has one set of security features only!
opera_mini.app has one set of security features only!
wap.syst has one set of security features only!
eom.johndev.smitinst has one set of security features only!
com.casual.gracefulgirlwithcooldresses has one set of security features only!
com.modern.warfree has one set of security features only!
com.satismangrooup.stlstart has one set of security features only!
lwp.darknight.livewallpaper has one set of security features only!
com.km.installer has one set of security features only!
com.safesys.remover has one set of security features only!
ru.getcorvin.mettir has one set of security features only!
com.safetest.Star has one set of security features only!
com.mobile.tv_90 has one set of security features only!
com.twisconapps.robotvoice has one set of security features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of security features only!
net.kreci.xray has one set of security features only!
cenix.android.vbr has one set of security features only!
games.HelicopterBubble has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07ii has one set of security features only!
com.rvo.plpro has one set of security features only!
org.htc.filemanager has one set of security features only!
de.mehrmannd.sdbooster has one set of security features only!
com.scribbleherofre.gam has one set of security features only!
com.flashp has one set of security features only!
net.sunyidingophone.environmental has one set of security features only!
com.johncar.terranowa has one set of security features only!
ua.netlizard.eggs has one set of security features only!
sbk.game.free has one set of security features only!
com.androiddoctor.battery has one set of security features only!
rom.jonas.eley has one set of security features only!
t4t.power.management has one set of security features only!
com.ku6.android.videobrowser has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12ii has one set of security features only!
com.jeef.sheshou3D has one set of security features only!
com.virtual.guitar has one set of security features only!
com.some.common has one set of security features only!
org.me.androidapplication1 has one set of security features only!
com.jonas.smssender has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07i has one set of security features only!
ee.maestro.slaming has one set of security features only!
brendsu.gamedemo has one set of security features only!
jp.bravo.honda has one set of security features only!
com.androidupgrade.battery has one set of security features only!
cn.gm.doj has one set of security features only!
cooshare.zeno.tinygame.lovetrap has one set of security features only!
org.zenthought.flashrec has one set of security features only!
com.tx.love has one set of security features only!
com.depositmobi has one set of security features only!
oms.mmc.ExchangeRate has one set of security features only!
com.dangerb.movieranking has one set of security features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.strikeattack has one set of security features only!
exam.fengyan.aiqingceshi has one set of security features only!
ru.erofon has one set of security features only!
app.apk has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10ii has one set of security features only!
com.stkdevlopers.autosounddisabler.pro has one set of security features only!
com.safetest.qian has one set of security features only!
com.manufacturatinkov.instman has one set of security features only!
135 valid malicious app training samples to be used.
feature vector length=122
model RandomForestClassifier(bootstrap=True, class_weight=None, criterion='gini',
            max_depth=None, max_features='auto', max_leaf_nodes=None,
            min_samples_leaf=1, min_samples_split=2,
            min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0, n_estimators=100, n_jobs=1,
            oob_score=False, random_state=None, verbose=0,
            warm_start=False)
/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/cross_validation.py:516: Warning: The least populated class in y has only 1 members, which is too few. The minimum number of labels for any class cannot be less than n_folds=10.
  % (min_labels, self.n_folds)), Warning)
/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/metrics/classification.py:1074: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision is ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples.
  'precision', 'predicted', average, warn_for)
/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/metrics/classification.py:1076: UndefinedMetricWarning: Recall is ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no true samples.
  'recall', 'true', average, warn_for)
/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/metrics/classification.py:1074: UndefinedMetricWarning: F-score is ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples.
  'precision', 'predicted', average, warn_for)
/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/metrics/classification.py:1076: UndefinedMetricWarning: F-score is ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no true samples.
  'recall', 'true', average, warn_for)

model SVC(C=1.0, cache_size=200, class_weight=None, coef0=0.0,
  decision_function_shape=None, degree=3, gamma='auto', kernel='linear',
  max_iter=-1, probability=False, random_state=None, shrinking=True,
  tol=0.001, verbose=False)
model DecisionTreeClassifier(class_weight=None, criterion='gini', max_depth=None,
            max_features=None, max_leaf_nodes=None, min_samples_leaf=1,
            min_samples_split=2, min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0,
            presort=False, random_state=None, splitter='best')
model MultinomialNB(alpha=1.0, class_prior=None, fit_prior=True)
model BernoulliNB(alpha=1.0, binarize=0.0, class_prior=None, fit_prior=True)
******     accuracy    ******
1.0	0.90405904059	1.0	0.80073800738	0.785977859779	
1.0	0.826568265683	1.0	0.760147601476	0.789667896679	
0.763837638376	0.586715867159	0.763837638376	0.583025830258	0.538745387454	
1.0	0.693726937269	1.0	0.630996309963	0.653136531365	
1.0	0.811808118081	1.0	0.741697416974	0.760147601476	
1.0	0.830258302583	1.0	0.756457564576	0.767527675277	
1.0	0.870848708487	1.0	0.771217712177	0.778597785978	

******     precision    ******
0.774000627489	0.764539426623	0.77886252999	0.687606493301	0.761540171279	
0.773097976585	0.773092915617	0.770264082625	0.682772022216	0.789913378802	
0.599798430557	0.538256870217	0.57867125975	0.512929525297	0.565596470523	
0.739091309925	0.599248220199	0.710068429513	0.630105294598	0.679078330988	
0.770676812899	0.684539911795	0.768331918626	0.658002294849	0.740132583466	
0.790675440814	0.743563737763	0.763170853293	0.651866285494	0.73484299651	
0.784601779545	0.777299895094	0.777991275246	0.659358247723	0.72064851301	

******     recall    ******
0.82962962963	0.788888888889	0.759259259259	0.751851851852	0.737037037037	
0.833333333333	0.811111111111	0.737037037037	0.751851851852	0.762962962963	
0.62962962963	0.574074074074	0.611111111111	0.581481481481	0.562962962963	
0.777777777778	0.655555555556	0.685185185185	0.62962962963	0.62962962963	
0.807407407407	0.751851851852	0.755555555556	0.733333333333	0.72962962963	
0.840740740741	0.788888888889	0.751851851852	0.737037037037	0.733333333333	
0.825925925926	0.807407407407	0.781481481481	0.740740740741	0.72962962963	

******     F1    ******
0.807903951571	0.759581619262	0.7712431946	0.709896822179	0.730207852228	
0.802580802608	0.784246528768	0.714604209348	0.709433845446	0.758940414881	
0.586265490678	0.510975291965	0.588643962447	0.512399374596	0.543385170239	
0.747509153136	0.609159295807	0.688989125979	0.555457835053	0.628877689996	
0.787067415558	0.709328583367	0.745637853642	0.68531037441	0.729209606944	
0.801247607074	0.763657759639	0.739124798481	0.689439866825	0.721773674478	
0.810437673899	0.783886226978	0.761876214079	0.695150396193	0.715696160273	

mobi.infolife.weatheralert has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforsonyxperiaz has one set of general features only!
com.mobile.poorvika has one set of general features only!
my.savemoney.taxapp has one set of general features only!
com.monsta.imagenscomfrasesdecarinho has one set of general features only!
hm.orz.chaos114.android.tethersetting has one set of general features only!
com.dietas.adelgazar.free has one set of general features only!
eu.wheelchairsite.m has one set of general features only!
ru.evgajukov.mobile.circassian.activity has one set of general features only!
fi.android.takealot has one set of general features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.sporthotel_exclusive has one set of general features only!
com.tonado.boli.hiper has one set of general features only!
de.gautzsch.fif has one set of general features only!
com.uk.edealinfoinc has one set of general features only!
com.generalgoodswholesale.customerapp has one set of general features only!
com.trialtea.inglesmovil has one set of general features only!
com.abdulrahmansalam.app_ReadArabicLevel2 has one set of general features only!
netiks.FransaBank.mobile has one set of general features only!
com.socrative.teacher has one set of general features only!
com.appelit.twiist has one set of general features only!
com.dobmob.doblistdemo has one set of general features only!
com.mobisoft.morhipo has one set of general features only!
au.gov.customs.trs has one set of general features only!
com.aob has one set of general features only!
com.tigoenergy.smart has one set of general features only!
fr.easytouseapps.calcloan has one set of general features only!
org.gfx54b.android.pollux.mineralh has one set of general features only!
com.manarcadpalli has one set of general features only!
com.sanfordguide.amt has one set of general features only!
radiance.app.proverbes_africains_365 has one set of general features only!
com.theactionapp has one set of general features only!
com.bruno.marcadorplacar has one set of general features only!
net.samham.electricity has one set of general features only!
co.epearl.ethiopiatv has one set of general features only!
com.Threelineinfotech.thiruverkadu has one set of general features only!
gr.spartansoftware.greekphotography has one set of general features only!
com.app.dstorz has one set of general features only!
com.gidon.coffeesnumber has one set of general features only!
com.hanna.pitbull has one set of general features only!
com.homecu.jdecu has one set of general features only!
com.mathesoft.fakeapps has one set of general features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.hotel_elite_seefeld has one set of general features only!
com.troysoft.caloriecalculator has one set of general features only!
com.mobilejazz.urology has one set of general features only!
com.tamildevotionalapps.ayyappaashtothram has one set of general features only!
com.sbgapps.scoreit has one set of general features only!
com.abast.fmjv has one set of general features only!
com.aisyah.resepmasakan has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkkeyboardpersonalization has one set of general features only!
com.jahm.tempconv has one set of general features only!
com.giscloud.mdc has one set of general features only!
com.gerbes.mobile has one set of general features only!
com.wisdom.profcon2015 has one set of general features only!
de.sde.mobile has one set of general features only!
pl.plksa.RozkladJazdy has one set of general features only!
com.neurondevelopments.levelsaid has one set of general features only!
com.bluejuice.thekiteshow has one set of general features only!
com.outilsobdfacile.obd.connecteur has one set of general features only!
ticket.booking.india has one set of general features only!
com.seazon.fo has one set of general features only!
com.media.miplayer has one set of general features only!
com.skp.valentine has one set of general features only!
com.mobusi.bestapps has one set of general features only!
com.jabbo.mediatagscanner has one set of general features only!
nl.littlebluefrog.leeuwarderbioscopen has one set of general features only!
com.mrcombi.ratedemo has one set of general features only!
com.webcamscz.map has one set of general features only!
password.strength.checker has one set of general features only!
net.olejon.spotcommander has one set of general features only!
rfh.sa.yoviajo has one set of general features only!
com.telerik.GoogleLinks has one set of general features only!
com.alamkanak.android.financebd has one set of general features only!
id.web.michsan.adhannotifier has one set of general features only!
com.spideroak.android has one set of general features only!
org.ibeccato.photoczip has one set of general features only!
com.mgrabowski.virginmobileminutes has one set of general features only!
mdis.kangur has one set of general features only!
com.dypix.fibladiActualite has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmebluefancy has one set of general features only!
com.erkanyilmaz.namazvakitleri has one set of general features only!
br.art.iai.discoverykids has one set of general features only!
eu.dhcorp.android.weatherproject has one set of general features only!
edu.ckcc.royalshykdic has one set of general features only!
com.nilhcem.hostseditor has one set of general features only!
es.aena.mobile has one set of general features only!
com.rudicedita.com.kimbailey has one set of general features only!
asp.emo.pack27.ext has one set of general features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.seehotel_reschen has one set of general features only!
com.phonegap.kinomondsterne has one set of general features only!
com.ciandt.tt has one set of general features only!
com.dailyworkhoroscopes.net has one set of general features only!
com.iSharpeners.KeertanRadio has one set of general features only!
klwinkel.weerkaartbe has one set of general features only!
com.tobykurien.webapps has one set of general features only!
com.vaishnavism.vishnusahasranaamam.english has one set of general features only!
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis has one set of general features only!
org.freeandroidtools.root_checker has one set of general features only!
com.mobdub.channel.WWTV has one set of general features only!
com.borezo.kasperskyfan has one set of general features only!
com.greydot has one set of general features only!
com.jimnevin.weatherireland has one set of general features only!
com.dridev.kamusku has one set of general features only!
com.mbdholdings.tenseforbengalistudents has one set of general features only!
com.briox.riversip.android.general.sports has one set of general features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforhtconem8 has one set of general features only!
com.iroshni.mualamulquran has one set of general features only!
vcam.dk.DeutschNachrichtenZeitungen has one set of general features only!
com.confidly.confidly has one set of general features only!
cz.lidovky.mobil has one set of general features only!
com.appdiabetes has one set of general features only!
com.triveous.recorder has one set of general features only!
net.ays.PROD342197 has one set of general features only!
com.wickert.bowlingnight has one set of general features only!
com.sports.cricket.schedule has one set of general features only!
com.badcoke.aweather has one set of general features only!
com.tamilnoolakam.Tamilnoolakamapp has one set of general features only!
com.cutter.alside has one set of general features only!
com.dialquick has one set of general features only!
com.montaserramadanm.bluetooth has one set of general features only!
org.artofliving.srisriquotes.portuguese.app has one set of general features only!
org.bible.remember_me has one set of general features only!
com.color.droid.shivmahapuran has one set of general features only!
com.katz.rexall has one set of general features only!
net.mojeto.timelapsecalc.app has one set of general features only!
com.tju.android.webcams has one set of general features only!
com.flo.ayakkabi has one set of general features only!
com.soshall.apps.browser has one set of general features only!
jp.co.a_tm.android.plus_crystal_daisy has one set of general features only!
vn.com.vng.phim123 has one set of general features only!
gust.svm has one set of general features only!
com.gpsandfleet.gpstracking has one set of general features only!
com.sportfusion.asports.seahawks has one set of general features only!
cz.mpelant.deskclock has one set of general features only!
com.flatron.rosewallpape has one set of general features only!
id.co.viva.vivapemilu has one set of general features only!
mobi.infolife.weatheralert has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforsonyxperiaz has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.stroblhof has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobile.poorvika has one set of ICC features only!
my.savemoney.taxapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.monsta.imagenscomfrasesdecarinho has one set of ICC features only!
hm.orz.chaos114.android.tethersetting has one set of ICC features only!
com.dietas.adelgazar.free has one set of ICC features only!
eu.wheelchairsite.m has one set of ICC features only!
ru.evgajukov.mobile.circassian.activity has one set of ICC features only!
fi.android.takealot has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.sporthotel_exclusive has one set of ICC features only!
com.tonado.boli.hiper has one set of ICC features only!
de.gautzsch.fif has one set of ICC features only!
com.uk.edealinfoinc has one set of ICC features only!
com.generalgoodswholesale.customerapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.trialtea.inglesmovil has one set of ICC features only!
com.abdulrahmansalam.app_ReadArabicLevel2 has one set of ICC features only!
netiks.FransaBank.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
com.socrative.teacher has one set of ICC features only!
com.appelit.twiist has one set of ICC features only!
com.dobmob.doblistdemo has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobisoft.morhipo has one set of ICC features only!
au.gov.customs.trs has one set of ICC features only!
com.aob has one set of ICC features only!
com.tigoenergy.smart has one set of ICC features only!
fr.easytouseapps.calcloan has one set of ICC features only!
org.gfx54b.android.pollux.mineralh has one set of ICC features only!
com.manarcadpalli has one set of ICC features only!
com.sanfordguide.amt has one set of ICC features only!
radiance.app.proverbes_africains_365 has one set of ICC features only!
com.theactionapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.bruno.marcadorplacar has one set of ICC features only!
net.samham.electricity has one set of ICC features only!
co.epearl.ethiopiatv has one set of ICC features only!
com.Threelineinfotech.thiruverkadu has one set of ICC features only!
gr.spartansoftware.greekphotography has one set of ICC features only!
com.app.dstorz has one set of ICC features only!
com.gidon.coffeesnumber has one set of ICC features only!
com.hanna.pitbull has one set of ICC features only!
com.homecu.jdecu has one set of ICC features only!
com.mathesoft.fakeapps has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.hotel_elite_seefeld has one set of ICC features only!
com.troysoft.caloriecalculator has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobilejazz.urology has one set of ICC features only!
com.tamildevotionalapps.ayyappaashtothram has one set of ICC features only!
com.sbgapps.scoreit has one set of ICC features only!
com.abast.fmjv has one set of ICC features only!
com.aisyah.resepmasakan has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkkeyboardpersonalization has one set of ICC features only!
com.jahm.tempconv has one set of ICC features only!
com.giscloud.mdc has one set of ICC features only!
com.gerbes.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
com.wisdom.profcon2015 has one set of ICC features only!
de.sde.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
pl.plksa.RozkladJazdy has one set of ICC features only!
com.neurondevelopments.levelsaid has one set of ICC features only!
com.bluejuice.thekiteshow has one set of ICC features only!
com.outilsobdfacile.obd.connecteur has one set of ICC features only!
ticket.booking.india has one set of ICC features only!
com.seazon.fo has one set of ICC features only!
com.media.miplayer has one set of ICC features only!
com.skp.valentine has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobusi.bestapps has one set of ICC features only!
com.jabbo.mediatagscanner has one set of ICC features only!
nl.littlebluefrog.leeuwarderbioscopen has one set of ICC features only!
com.mrcombi.ratedemo has one set of ICC features only!
com.webcamscz.map has one set of ICC features only!
password.strength.checker has one set of ICC features only!
net.olejon.spotcommander has one set of ICC features only!
rfh.sa.yoviajo has one set of ICC features only!
com.telerik.GoogleLinks has one set of ICC features only!
com.alamkanak.android.financebd has one set of ICC features only!
id.web.michsan.adhannotifier has one set of ICC features only!
com.spideroak.android has one set of ICC features only!
org.ibeccato.photoczip has one set of ICC features only!
com.mgrabowski.virginmobileminutes has one set of ICC features only!
mdis.kangur has one set of ICC features only!
com.dypix.fibladiActualite has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmebluefancy has one set of ICC features only!
com.erkanyilmaz.namazvakitleri has one set of ICC features only!
br.art.iai.discoverykids has one set of ICC features only!
eu.dhcorp.android.weatherproject has one set of ICC features only!
edu.ckcc.royalshykdic has one set of ICC features only!
com.nilhcem.hostseditor has one set of ICC features only!
es.aena.mobile has one set of ICC features only!
com.rudicedita.com.kimbailey has one set of ICC features only!
asp.emo.pack27.ext has one set of ICC features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.seehotel_reschen has one set of ICC features only!
com.phonegap.kinomondsterne has one set of ICC features only!
com.ciandt.tt has one set of ICC features only!
com.dailyworkhoroscopes.net has one set of ICC features only!
com.iSharpeners.KeertanRadio has one set of ICC features only!
klwinkel.weerkaartbe has one set of ICC features only!
com.tobykurien.webapps has one set of ICC features only!
com.vaishnavism.vishnusahasranaamam.english has one set of ICC features only!
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis has one set of ICC features only!
org.freeandroidtools.root_checker has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobdub.channel.WWTV has one set of ICC features only!
com.borezo.kasperskyfan has one set of ICC features only!
com.greydot has one set of ICC features only!
com.jimnevin.weatherireland has one set of ICC features only!
com.dridev.kamusku has one set of ICC features only!
com.mbdholdings.tenseforbengalistudents has one set of ICC features only!
com.briox.riversip.android.general.sports has one set of ICC features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforhtconem8 has one set of ICC features only!
com.iroshni.mualamulquran has one set of ICC features only!
vcam.dk.DeutschNachrichtenZeitungen has one set of ICC features only!
com.confidly.confidly has one set of ICC features only!
cz.lidovky.mobil has one set of ICC features only!
com.appdiabetes has one set of ICC features only!
com.triveous.recorder has one set of ICC features only!
net.ays.PROD342197 has one set of ICC features only!
com.wickert.bowlingnight has one set of ICC features only!
com.sports.cricket.schedule has one set of ICC features only!
com.badcoke.aweather has one set of ICC features only!
com.tamilnoolakam.Tamilnoolakamapp has one set of ICC features only!
com.cutter.alside has one set of ICC features only!
com.dialquick has one set of ICC features only!
com.montaserramadanm.bluetooth has one set of ICC features only!
org.artofliving.srisriquotes.portuguese.app has one set of ICC features only!
org.bible.remember_me has one set of ICC features only!
com.color.droid.shivmahapuran has one set of ICC features only!
com.katz.rexall has one set of ICC features only!
net.mojeto.timelapsecalc.app has one set of ICC features only!
com.tju.android.webcams has one set of ICC features only!
com.flo.ayakkabi has one set of ICC features only!
com.soshall.apps.browser has one set of ICC features only!
jp.co.a_tm.android.plus_crystal_daisy has one set of ICC features only!
vn.com.vng.phim123 has one set of ICC features only!
gust.svm has one set of ICC features only!
com.gpsandfleet.gpstracking has one set of ICC features only!
com.sportfusion.asports.seahawks has one set of ICC features only!
cz.mpelant.deskclock has one set of ICC features only!
com.flatron.rosewallpape has one set of ICC features only!
id.co.viva.vivapemilu has one set of ICC features only!
mobi.infolife.weatheralert has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforsonyxperiaz has one set of security features only!
com.mobile.poorvika has one set of security features only!
my.savemoney.taxapp has one set of security features only!
com.monsta.imagenscomfrasesdecarinho has one set of security features only!
hm.orz.chaos114.android.tethersetting has one set of security features only!
com.dietas.adelgazar.free has one set of security features only!
eu.wheelchairsite.m has one set of security features only!
ru.evgajukov.mobile.circassian.activity has one set of security features only!
fi.android.takealot has one set of security features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.sporthotel_exclusive has one set of security features only!
com.tonado.boli.hiper has one set of security features only!
de.gautzsch.fif has one set of security features only!
com.uk.edealinfoinc has one set of security features only!
com.generalgoodswholesale.customerapp has one set of security features only!
com.trialtea.inglesmovil has one set of security features only!
com.abdulrahmansalam.app_ReadArabicLevel2 has one set of security features only!
netiks.FransaBank.mobile has one set of security features only!
com.socrative.teacher has one set of security features only!
com.appelit.twiist has one set of security features only!
com.dobmob.doblistdemo has one set of security features only!
com.mobisoft.morhipo has one set of security features only!
au.gov.customs.trs has one set of security features only!
com.aob has one set of security features only!
com.tigoenergy.smart has one set of security features only!
fr.easytouseapps.calcloan has one set of security features only!
org.gfx54b.android.pollux.mineralh has one set of security features only!
com.manarcadpalli has one set of security features only!
com.sanfordguide.amt has one set of security features only!
radiance.app.proverbes_africains_365 has one set of security features only!
com.theactionapp has one set of security features only!
com.bruno.marcadorplacar has one set of security features only!
net.samham.electricity has one set of security features only!
co.epearl.ethiopiatv has one set of security features only!
com.Threelineinfotech.thiruverkadu has one set of security features only!
gr.spartansoftware.greekphotography has one set of security features only!
com.app.dstorz has one set of security features only!
com.gidon.coffeesnumber has one set of security features only!
com.hanna.pitbull has one set of security features only!
com.homecu.jdecu has one set of security features only!
com.mathesoft.fakeapps has one set of security features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.hotel_elite_seefeld has one set of security features only!
com.troysoft.caloriecalculator has one set of security features only!
com.mobilejazz.urology has one set of security features only!
com.tamildevotionalapps.ayyappaashtothram has one set of security features only!
com.sbgapps.scoreit has one set of security features only!
com.abast.fmjv has one set of security features only!
com.aisyah.resepmasakan has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkkeyboardpersonalization has one set of security features only!
com.jahm.tempconv has one set of security features only!
com.giscloud.mdc has one set of security features only!
com.gerbes.mobile has one set of security features only!
com.wisdom.profcon2015 has one set of security features only!
de.sde.mobile has one set of security features only!
pl.plksa.RozkladJazdy has one set of security features only!
com.neurondevelopments.levelsaid has one set of security features only!
com.bluejuice.thekiteshow has one set of security features only!
com.outilsobdfacile.obd.connecteur has one set of security features only!
ticket.booking.india has one set of security features only!
com.seazon.fo has one set of security features only!
com.media.miplayer has one set of security features only!
com.skp.valentine has one set of security features only!
com.mobusi.bestapps has one set of security features only!
com.jabbo.mediatagscanner has one set of security features only!
nl.littlebluefrog.leeuwarderbioscopen has one set of security features only!
com.mrcombi.ratedemo has one set of security features only!
com.webcamscz.map has one set of security features only!
password.strength.checker has one set of security features only!
net.olejon.spotcommander has one set of security features only!
rfh.sa.yoviajo has one set of security features only!
com.telerik.GoogleLinks has one set of security features only!
com.alamkanak.android.financebd has one set of security features only!
id.web.michsan.adhannotifier has one set of security features only!
com.spideroak.android has one set of security features only!
org.ibeccato.photoczip has one set of security features only!
com.mgrabowski.virginmobileminutes has one set of security features only!
mdis.kangur has one set of security features only!
com.dypix.fibladiActualite has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmebluefancy has one set of security features only!
com.erkanyilmaz.namazvakitleri has one set of security features only!
br.art.iai.discoverykids has one set of security features only!
eu.dhcorp.android.weatherproject has one set of security features only!
edu.ckcc.royalshykdic has one set of security features only!
com.nilhcem.hostseditor has one set of security features only!
es.aena.mobile has one set of security features only!
com.rudicedita.com.kimbailey has one set of security features only!
asp.emo.pack27.ext has one set of security features only!
at.generalsolutions.contwise.maps.seehotel_reschen has one set of security features only!
com.phonegap.kinomondsterne has one set of security features only!
com.ciandt.tt has one set of security features only!
com.dailyworkhoroscopes.net has one set of security features only!
com.iSharpeners.KeertanRadio has one set of security features only!
klwinkel.weerkaartbe has one set of security features only!
com.tobykurien.webapps has one set of security features only!
com.vaishnavism.vishnusahasranaamam.english has one set of security features only!
dk.minreklame.tilbudsavis has one set of security features only!
org.freeandroidtools.root_checker has one set of security features only!
com.mobdub.channel.WWTV has one set of security features only!
com.borezo.kasperskyfan has one set of security features only!
com.greydot has one set of security features only!
com.jimnevin.weatherireland has one set of security features only!
com.dridev.kamusku has one set of security features only!
com.mbdholdings.tenseforbengalistudents has one set of security features only!
com.briox.riversip.android.general.sports has one set of security features only!
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twkeyboardforhtconem8 has one set of security features only!
com.iroshni.mualamulquran has one set of security features only!
vcam.dk.DeutschNachrichtenZeitungen has one set of security features only!
com.confidly.confidly has one set of security features only!
cz.lidovky.mobil has one set of security features only!
com.appdiabetes has one set of security features only!
com.triveous.recorder has one set of security features only!
net.ays.PROD342197 has one set of security features only!
com.wickert.bowlingnight has one set of security features only!
com.sports.cricket.schedule has one set of security features only!
com.badcoke.aweather has one set of security features only!
com.tamilnoolakam.Tamilnoolakamapp has one set of security features only!
com.cutter.alside has one set of security features only!
com.dialquick has one set of security features only!
com.montaserramadanm.bluetooth has one set of security features only!
org.artofliving.srisriquotes.portuguese.app has one set of security features only!
org.bible.remember_me has one set of security features only!
com.color.droid.shivmahapuran has one set of security features only!
com.katz.rexall has one set of security features only!
net.mojeto.timelapsecalc.app has one set of security features only!
com.tju.android.webcams has one set of security features only!
com.flo.ayakkabi has one set of security features only!
com.soshall.apps.browser has one set of security features only!
jp.co.a_tm.android.plus_crystal_daisy has one set of security features only!
vn.com.vng.phim123 has one set of security features only!
gust.svm has one set of security features only!
com.gpsandfleet.gpstracking has one set of security features only!
com.sportfusion.asports.seahawks has one set of security features only!
cz.mpelant.deskclock has one set of security features only!
com.flatron.rosewallpape has one set of security features only!
id.co.viva.vivapemilu has one set of security features only!
136 valid benign app training samples to be used.
com.dtm has one set of general features only!
com.andoop.freerunning has one set of general features only!
com.arche.NEED_FOR_SPEED_Shift has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12i has one set of general features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.eaglejet has one set of general features only!
com.live.tv.player_84 has one set of general features only!
com.twrdd.yulin.senslock has one set of general features only!
de.docherka.muter has one set of general features only!
info.apk has one set of general features only!
com.tx.read has one set of general features only!
ru.vistorsoftware.getlink has one set of general features only!
jqsoft.apps.mysettings has one set of general features only!
com.bratolubzet.stlstart has one set of general features only!
bchtml.android.install has one set of general features only!
com.htc.android.bonfire has one set of general features only!
bc1.android.install has one set of general features only!
ro.furious.loudairhorn has one set of general features only!
com.bluedragon.sa has one set of general features only!
pl.dto.drums has one set of general features only!
com.chenyx.tiltmazs has one set of general features only!
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11ii has one set of general features only!
Jk7H.PwcD has one set of general features only!
com.lbeing.word.kaoyan has one set of general features only!
eu.margaritasoft.firstdevelop has one set of general features only!
net.socialidm.kamazicom has one set of general features only!
com.keji.danti80 has one set of general features only!
com.thwglmd.dccai.rkcsrdeq.h_fnvuiojbgicsqkwq has one set of general features only!
ikki.android.soft.shortcutmanager has one set of general features only!
com.samunt.doomad has one set of general features only!
ru.mskdev.andrinst has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing06i has one set of general features only!
dhn.skhcnclnvcaskhd.cvst has one set of general features only!
tj.alumberinc.ruganovich has one set of general features only!
cxboy.android.game.fivelnk has one set of general features only!
com.android.installer.full has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10i has one set of general features only!
com.app.installer has one set of general features only!
com.gameteam.skywarrior has one set of general features only!
com.peter.wuzilianzhu has one set of general features only!
com.fileviewer.android has one set of general features only!
net.maxicom.android.snake has one set of general features only!
org.android.Jimm_setup has one set of general features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Deamon has one set of general features only!
com.opera.install has one set of general features only!
a.a has one set of general features only!
nang.dv has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11i has one set of general features only!
km.home has one set of general features only!
ru.zveryatki.stado has one set of general features only!
com.shirley.right has one set of general features only!
com.xl.gw.systemappuninstall has one set of general features only!
com.convertoman.proin has one set of general features only!
net.xfok.info.health has one set of general features only!
com.hanhua.wjf has one set of general features only!
com.sookenop.humet1976 has one set of general features only!
install.app has one set of general features only!
com.tx.site has one set of general features only!
oms.mmc.mortgage has one set of general features only!
com.shirley.lovemen has one set of general features only!
com.apk.op has one set of general features only!
bc2.android.install has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08ii has one set of general features only!
com.samunt.nothad has one set of general features only!
com.mass.sms has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08i has one set of general features only!
text.androidad3 has one set of general features only!
bc.android.install has one set of general features only!
com.android has one set of general features only!
org.baole.app.blacklistpro has one set of general features only!
com.safetest.tank has one set of general features only!
com.brightness.phone has one set of general features only!
JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of general features only!
com.nicky.lyyws.xmall has one set of general features only!
com.lite.quick.tether has one set of general features only!
com.jaytronix.markermagic has one set of general features only!
com.mycontainer has one set of general features only!
oms.mmc.independent.fortunetelling.fate.xingxiu has one set of general features only!
opera_mini.app has one set of general features only!
wap.syst has one set of general features only!
eom.johndev.smitinst has one set of general features only!
com.casual.gracefulgirlwithcooldresses has one set of general features only!
com.modern.warfree has one set of general features only!
com.satismangrooup.stlstart has one set of general features only!
lwp.darknight.livewallpaper has one set of general features only!
com.km.installer has one set of general features only!
com.safesys.remover has one set of general features only!
ru.getcorvin.mettir has one set of general features only!
com.safetest.Star has one set of general features only!
com.mobile.tv_90 has one set of general features only!
com.twisconapps.robotvoice has one set of general features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of general features only!
net.kreci.xray has one set of general features only!
cenix.android.vbr has one set of general features only!
games.HelicopterBubble has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07ii has one set of general features only!
com.rvo.plpro has one set of general features only!
org.htc.filemanager has one set of general features only!
de.mehrmannd.sdbooster has one set of general features only!
com.scribbleherofre.gam has one set of general features only!
com.flashp has one set of general features only!
net.sunyidingophone.environmental has one set of general features only!
com.johncar.terranowa has one set of general features only!
ua.netlizard.eggs has one set of general features only!
sbk.game.free has one set of general features only!
com.androiddoctor.battery has one set of general features only!
rom.jonas.eley has one set of general features only!
t4t.power.management has one set of general features only!
com.ku6.android.videobrowser has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12ii has one set of general features only!
com.jeef.sheshou3D has one set of general features only!
com.virtual.guitar has one set of general features only!
com.some.common has one set of general features only!
org.me.androidapplication1 has one set of general features only!
com.jonas.smssender has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07i has one set of general features only!
ee.maestro.slaming has one set of general features only!
brendsu.gamedemo has one set of general features only!
jp.bravo.honda has one set of general features only!
com.androidupgrade.battery has one set of general features only!
cn.gm.doj has one set of general features only!
cooshare.zeno.tinygame.lovetrap has one set of general features only!
org.zenthought.flashrec has one set of general features only!
com.tx.love has one set of general features only!
com.depositmobi has one set of general features only!
oms.mmc.ExchangeRate has one set of general features only!
com.dangerb.movieranking has one set of general features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.strikeattack has one set of general features only!
exam.fengyan.aiqingceshi has one set of general features only!
ru.erofon has one set of general features only!
app.apk has one set of general features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10ii has one set of general features only!
com.stkdevlopers.autosounddisabler.pro has one set of general features only!
com.safetest.qian has one set of general features only!
com.manufacturatinkov.instman has one set of general features only!
com.dtm has one set of ICC features only!
com.andoop.freerunning has one set of ICC features only!
com.arche.NEED_FOR_SPEED_Shift has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12i has one set of ICC features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.eaglejet has one set of ICC features only!
com.live.tv.player_84 has one set of ICC features only!
com.twrdd.yulin.senslock has one set of ICC features only!
de.docherka.muter has one set of ICC features only!
info.apk has one set of ICC features only!
com.tx.read has one set of ICC features only!
ru.vistorsoftware.getlink has one set of ICC features only!
jqsoft.apps.mysettings has one set of ICC features only!
com.bratolubzet.stlstart has one set of ICC features only!
bchtml.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
com.htc.android.bonfire has one set of ICC features only!
bc1.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
ro.furious.loudairhorn has one set of ICC features only!
com.bluedragon.sa has one set of ICC features only!
pl.dto.drums has one set of ICC features only!
com.chenyx.tiltmazs has one set of ICC features only!
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11ii has one set of ICC features only!
Jk7H.PwcD has one set of ICC features only!
com.lbeing.word.kaoyan has one set of ICC features only!
eu.margaritasoft.firstdevelop has one set of ICC features only!
net.socialidm.kamazicom has one set of ICC features only!
com.keji.danti80 has one set of ICC features only!
com.thwglmd.dccai.rkcsrdeq.h_fnvuiojbgicsqkwq has one set of ICC features only!
ikki.android.soft.shortcutmanager has one set of ICC features only!
com.samunt.doomad has one set of ICC features only!
ru.mskdev.andrinst has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing06i has one set of ICC features only!
dhn.skhcnclnvcaskhd.cvst has one set of ICC features only!
tj.alumberinc.ruganovich has one set of ICC features only!
cxboy.android.game.fivelnk has one set of ICC features only!
com.android.installer.full has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10i has one set of ICC features only!
com.app.installer has one set of ICC features only!
com.gameteam.skywarrior has one set of ICC features only!
com.peter.wuzilianzhu has one set of ICC features only!
com.fileviewer.android has one set of ICC features only!
net.maxicom.android.snake has one set of ICC features only!
org.android.Jimm_setup has one set of ICC features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Deamon has one set of ICC features only!
com.opera.install has one set of ICC features only!
a.a has one set of ICC features only!
nang.dv has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11i has one set of ICC features only!
km.home has one set of ICC features only!
ru.zveryatki.stado has one set of ICC features only!
com.shirley.right has one set of ICC features only!
com.xl.gw.systemappuninstall has one set of ICC features only!
com.convertoman.proin has one set of ICC features only!
net.xfok.info.health has one set of ICC features only!
com.hanhua.wjf has one set of ICC features only!
com.sookenop.humet1976 has one set of ICC features only!
install.app has one set of ICC features only!
com.tx.site has one set of ICC features only!
oms.mmc.mortgage has one set of ICC features only!
com.shirley.lovemen has one set of ICC features only!
com.apk.op has one set of ICC features only!
bc2.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.samunt.nothad has one set of ICC features only!
com.mass.sms has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08i has one set of ICC features only!
text.androidad3 has one set of ICC features only!
bc.android.install has one set of ICC features only!
com.android has one set of ICC features only!
org.baole.app.blacklistpro has one set of ICC features only!
com.safetest.tank has one set of ICC features only!
com.brightness.phone has one set of ICC features only!
JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of ICC features only!
com.nicky.lyyws.xmall has one set of ICC features only!
com.lite.quick.tether has one set of ICC features only!
com.jaytronix.markermagic has one set of ICC features only!
com.mycontainer has one set of ICC features only!
oms.mmc.independent.fortunetelling.fate.xingxiu has one set of ICC features only!
opera_mini.app has one set of ICC features only!
wap.syst has one set of ICC features only!
eom.johndev.smitinst has one set of ICC features only!
com.casual.gracefulgirlwithcooldresses has one set of ICC features only!
com.modern.warfree has one set of ICC features only!
com.satismangrooup.stlstart has one set of ICC features only!
lwp.darknight.livewallpaper has one set of ICC features only!
com.km.installer has one set of ICC features only!
com.safesys.remover has one set of ICC features only!
ru.getcorvin.mettir has one set of ICC features only!
com.safetest.Star has one set of ICC features only!
com.mobile.tv_90 has one set of ICC features only!
com.twisconapps.robotvoice has one set of ICC features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of ICC features only!
net.kreci.xray has one set of ICC features only!
cenix.android.vbr has one set of ICC features only!
games.HelicopterBubble has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.rvo.plpro has one set of ICC features only!
org.htc.filemanager has one set of ICC features only!
de.mehrmannd.sdbooster has one set of ICC features only!
com.scribbleherofre.gam has one set of ICC features only!
com.flashp has one set of ICC features only!
net.sunyidingophone.environmental has one set of ICC features only!
com.johncar.terranowa has one set of ICC features only!
ua.netlizard.eggs has one set of ICC features only!
sbk.game.free has one set of ICC features only!
com.androiddoctor.battery has one set of ICC features only!
rom.jonas.eley has one set of ICC features only!
t4t.power.management has one set of ICC features only!
com.ku6.android.videobrowser has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.jeef.sheshou3D has one set of ICC features only!
com.virtual.guitar has one set of ICC features only!
com.some.common has one set of ICC features only!
org.me.androidapplication1 has one set of ICC features only!
com.jonas.smssender has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07i has one set of ICC features only!
ee.maestro.slaming has one set of ICC features only!
brendsu.gamedemo has one set of ICC features only!
jp.bravo.honda has one set of ICC features only!
com.androidupgrade.battery has one set of ICC features only!
cn.gm.doj has one set of ICC features only!
cooshare.zeno.tinygame.lovetrap has one set of ICC features only!
org.zenthought.flashrec has one set of ICC features only!
com.tx.love has one set of ICC features only!
com.depositmobi has one set of ICC features only!
oms.mmc.ExchangeRate has one set of ICC features only!
com.dangerb.movieranking has one set of ICC features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.strikeattack has one set of ICC features only!
exam.fengyan.aiqingceshi has one set of ICC features only!
ru.erofon has one set of ICC features only!
app.apk has one set of ICC features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10ii has one set of ICC features only!
com.stkdevlopers.autosounddisabler.pro has one set of ICC features only!
com.safetest.qian has one set of ICC features only!
com.manufacturatinkov.instman has one set of ICC features only!
com.dtm has one set of security features only!
com.andoop.freerunning has one set of security features only!
com.arche.NEED_FOR_SPEED_Shift has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12i has one set of security features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.eaglejet has one set of security features only!
com.live.tv.player_84 has one set of security features only!
com.twrdd.yulin.senslock has one set of security features only!
de.docherka.muter has one set of security features only!
info.apk has one set of security features only!
com.tx.read has one set of security features only!
ru.vistorsoftware.getlink has one set of security features only!
jqsoft.apps.mysettings has one set of security features only!
com.bratolubzet.stlstart has one set of security features only!
bchtml.android.install has one set of security features only!
com.htc.android.bonfire has one set of security features only!
bc1.android.install has one set of security features only!
ro.furious.loudairhorn has one set of security features only!
com.bluedragon.sa has one set of security features only!
pl.dto.drums has one set of security features only!
com.chenyx.tiltmazs has one set of security features only!
com.koushikdutta.rommanager.license has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11ii has one set of security features only!
Jk7H.PwcD has one set of security features only!
com.lbeing.word.kaoyan has one set of security features only!
eu.margaritasoft.firstdevelop has one set of security features only!
net.socialidm.kamazicom has one set of security features only!
com.keji.danti80 has one set of security features only!
com.thwglmd.dccai.rkcsrdeq.h_fnvuiojbgicsqkwq has one set of security features only!
ikki.android.soft.shortcutmanager has one set of security features only!
com.samunt.doomad has one set of security features only!
ru.mskdev.andrinst has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing06i has one set of security features only!
dhn.skhcnclnvcaskhd.cvst has one set of security features only!
tj.alumberinc.ruganovich has one set of security features only!
cxboy.android.game.fivelnk has one set of security features only!
com.android.installer.full has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10i has one set of security features only!
com.app.installer has one set of security features only!
com.gameteam.skywarrior has one set of security features only!
com.peter.wuzilianzhu has one set of security features only!
com.fileviewer.android has one set of security features only!
net.maxicom.android.snake has one set of security features only!
org.android.Jimm_setup has one set of security features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Deamon has one set of security features only!
com.opera.install has one set of security features only!
a.a has one set of security features only!
nang.dv has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing11i has one set of security features only!
km.home has one set of security features only!
ru.zveryatki.stado has one set of security features only!
com.shirley.right has one set of security features only!
com.xl.gw.systemappuninstall has one set of security features only!
com.convertoman.proin has one set of security features only!
net.xfok.info.health has one set of security features only!
com.hanhua.wjf has one set of security features only!
com.sookenop.humet1976 has one set of security features only!
install.app has one set of security features only!
com.tx.site has one set of security features only!
oms.mmc.mortgage has one set of security features only!
com.shirley.lovemen has one set of security features only!
com.apk.op has one set of security features only!
bc2.android.install has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08ii has one set of security features only!
com.samunt.nothad has one set of security features only!
com.mass.sms has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing08i has one set of security features only!
text.androidad3 has one set of security features only!
bc.android.install has one set of security features only!
com.android has one set of security features only!
org.baole.app.blacklistpro has one set of security features only!
com.safetest.tank has one set of security features only!
com.brightness.phone has one set of security features only!
JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of security features only!
com.nicky.lyyws.xmall has one set of security features only!
com.lite.quick.tether has one set of security features only!
com.jaytronix.markermagic has one set of security features only!
com.mycontainer has one set of security features only!
oms.mmc.independent.fortunetelling.fate.xingxiu has one set of security features only!
opera_mini.app has one set of security features only!
wap.syst has one set of security features only!
eom.johndev.smitinst has one set of security features only!
com.casual.gracefulgirlwithcooldresses has one set of security features only!
com.modern.warfree has one set of security features only!
com.satismangrooup.stlstart has one set of security features only!
lwp.darknight.livewallpaper has one set of security features only!
com.km.installer has one set of security features only!
com.safesys.remover has one set of security features only!
ru.getcorvin.mettir has one set of security features only!
com.safetest.Star has one set of security features only!
com.mobile.tv_90 has one set of security features only!
com.twisconapps.robotvoice has one set of security features only!
com.android.JawbreakerSuper.Game has one set of security features only!
net.kreci.xray has one set of security features only!
cenix.android.vbr has one set of security features only!
games.HelicopterBubble has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07ii has one set of security features only!
com.rvo.plpro has one set of security features only!
org.htc.filemanager has one set of security features only!
de.mehrmannd.sdbooster has one set of security features only!
com.scribbleherofre.gam has one set of security features only!
com.flashp has one set of security features only!
net.sunyidingophone.environmental has one set of security features only!
com.johncar.terranowa has one set of security features only!
ua.netlizard.eggs has one set of security features only!
sbk.game.free has one set of security features only!
com.androiddoctor.battery has one set of security features only!
rom.jonas.eley has one set of security features only!
t4t.power.management has one set of security features only!
com.ku6.android.videobrowser has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing12ii has one set of security features only!
com.jeef.sheshou3D has one set of security features only!
com.virtual.guitar has one set of security features only!
com.some.common has one set of security features only!
org.me.androidapplication1 has one set of security features only!
com.jonas.smssender has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing07i has one set of security features only!
ee.maestro.slaming has one set of security features only!
brendsu.gamedemo has one set of security features only!
jp.bravo.honda has one set of security features only!
com.androidupgrade.battery has one set of security features only!
cn.gm.doj has one set of security features only!
cooshare.zeno.tinygame.lovetrap has one set of security features only!
org.zenthought.flashrec has one set of security features only!
com.tx.love has one set of security features only!
com.depositmobi has one set of security features only!
oms.mmc.ExchangeRate has one set of security features only!
com.dangerb.movieranking has one set of security features only!
com.blogspot.androidresearch.strikeattack has one set of security features only!
exam.fengyan.aiqingceshi has one set of security features only!
ru.erofon has one set of security features only!
app.apk has one set of security features only!
com.GoldDream.TingTing10ii has one set of security features only!
com.stkdevlopers.autosounddisabler.pro has one set of security features only!
com.safetest.qian has one set of security features only!
com.manufacturatinkov.instman has one set of security features only!
135 valid malicious app training samples to be used.
feature vector length=122
model RandomForestClassifier(bootstrap=True, class_weight=None, criterion='gini',
            max_depth=None, max_features='auto', max_leaf_nodes=None,
            min_samples_leaf=1, min_samples_split=2,
            min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0, n_estimators=100, n_jobs=1,
            oob_score=False, random_state=None, verbose=0,
            warm_start=False)



/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/metrics/classification.py:1074: UndefinedMetricWarning: Precision is ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples.
  'precision', 'predicted', average, warn_for)
/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sklearn/metrics/classification.py:1074: UndefinedMetricWarning: F-score is ill-defined and being set to 0.0 in labels with no predicted samples.
  'precision', 'predicted', average, warn_for)
model SVC(C=1.0, cache_size=200, class_weight=None, coef0=0.0,
  decision_function_shape=None, degree=3, gamma='auto', kernel='linear',
  max_iter=-1, probability=False, random_state=None, shrinking=True,
  tol=0.001, verbose=False)
model DecisionTreeClassifier(class_weight=None, criterion='gini', max_depth=None,
            max_features=None, max_leaf_nodes=None, min_samples_leaf=1,
            min_samples_split=2, min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0,
            presort=False, random_state=None, splitter='best')
model MultinomialNB(alpha=1.0, class_prior=None, fit_prior=True)
model BernoulliNB(alpha=1.0, binarize=0.0, class_prior=None, fit_prior=True)
******     accuracy    ******
1.0	0.90405904059	1.0	0.878228782288	0.870848708487	
1.0	0.90405904059	1.0	0.881918819188	0.870848708487	
0.793357933579	0.675276752768	0.793357933579	0.667896678967	0.634686346863	
1.0	0.712177121771	1.0	0.686346863469	0.760147601476	
1.0	0.878228782288	1.0	0.819188191882	0.826568265683	
1.0	0.878228782288	1.0	0.870848708487	0.848708487085	
1.0	0.889298892989	1.0	0.874538745387	0.863468634686	

******     precision    ******
0.87533617741	0.871828047683	0.850746994234	0.835310620752	0.853012502204	
0.868257649214	0.870760342599	0.84829004329	0.840245636716	0.850191409897	
0.815158730159	0.739722222222	0.656778711485	0.67402009755	0.587310578139	
0.852176255117	0.7375	0.728855580694	0.764382284382	0.855963480963	
0.893023145155	0.830697317388	0.810387529138	0.839327894328	0.796823176823	
0.899218559219	0.836727577978	0.826956099456	0.864433581125	0.828963120213	
0.879853479853	0.859020774977	0.86953889248	0.854084249084	0.809244505495	

******     recall    ******
0.941455309396	0.905697733639	0.881448845272	0.897398353281	0.852321861145	
0.905658426541	0.902593158476	0.889861543685	0.911684067566	0.8997760736	
0.534045888752	0.491517502106	0.539240693947	0.616599087187	0.799342063166	
0.872919596743	0.694774082127	0.778748049336	0.535413083648	0.649423778836	
0.893286811228	0.873542307366	0.841098541981	0.771429975254	0.786512409159	
0.89573779162	0.886240720064	0.857602136426	0.867798051622	0.851027240733	
0.922978687979	0.898554876496	0.843707142531	0.877169235993	0.841582796289	

******     F1    ******
0.906800233583	0.881702165112	0.857533252366	0.856035594915	0.848773990048	
0.888530448449	0.882806890873	0.857264139369	0.871299605537	0.87281194524	
0.598608566523	0.584172075578	0.576433068775	0.610803883772	0.667333338912	
0.853661375661	0.678722099071	0.752403910904	0.603433465086	0.723097775288	
0.879863457253	0.850506772691	0.82623510336	0.810655363155	0.786231793194	
0.897498394269	0.851362901941	0.814228952856	0.86264069352	0.823878468213	
0.89749873504	0.874167038351	0.853667471678	0.861726618488	0.823699413832	
